# perevir changelog

Perevir is versioned using [Semantic Versioning][].

[Semantic Versioning]: https://semver.org/

## v0.4.1

Released 2024-10-06.

- The TestRunner is now more configurable, allowing to easily set
  custom readers and writers for specific formats.

- Moved repository to Codeberg.

## v0.4.0

Released 2024-09-02.

- Test results are now reported to stdout.

- Fixed a bug that prevented to "accept" a result if there was no
  output block in the perevirka.

- Minor documentation improvements.

## v0.3.0

Released 2024-08-27.

- Added new configuration options:

    + `disabled`: disable specific perevirky
    + `ignore-softbreaks`: treat softbreaks as spaces
    + `metastrings-to-inlines`: pretend that MetaString elements
      are MetaInlines.
    + `compare`: selectively compare the raw string output, not
      the parsed pandoc ASTs.

  See the documentation for details.

- Support directory-wide configs via `perevir.yaml` files.

- Add support for `citeproc` as a special filter.

- Allow any format that pandoc can read to be used in expected
  blocks. This can differ from the highlighting language and can
  have extensions set via the `extensions` attribute.

- Make the target format available to Lua filters (via the
  `FORMAT` global).

- Various code improvements and bug fixes.

- Documentation improvements.

## v0.2.0

Released 2024-07-22.

- Fixed handling of directories: passing a directory to `perevir`
  will run perevirky tests in that directory.

- Add support for "command" tests: these tests allow to specify a
  specific pandoc command in a code block with ID `command`. The
  output is then generated by piping the input through that
  pandoc command.

- Linebreaks in perevirky are preserved when using `-a`.

- Use CommonMark-friendly syntax for code blocks. The new syntax
  ensures that syntax highlighting works even when additional
  attributes are given, too.

- Make`-a` work with perevirky that use divs to mark the expected
  output.

- Various internal refactorings and minor fixes.

## v0.1.0

Released 2024-07-21.

- First release of the library. Нехай буде корисно!
